Chen Guangcheng to hide the U.S. embassy did not seek political asylum
2012-04-30 01:11 China Times [Blue Siaowei, Qi Yue justice / Beijing Taipei Connection reports]
According to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing and mainland China human rights activist Hu Jia himself yesterday confirmed mainland rights blind lawyer Chen Guangcheng has been living in the United States Embassy in Beijing, but he did not ask for political asylum, only to seek temporary shelter. Chen Guangcheng to flee on the road, the Yankees units of vehicles had tried to chase, but without success in the United States to assist the mainland manhunt.

In addition, mainland China Ministry of Civil Affairs and other departments receive emergency come forward to enter the U.S. embassy contact with Chen Guangcheng, hope to quell the incident as soon as possible.

Chen Guangcheng escape had met with the well-known human rights activist Hu Jia, the results of Hu Jia was taken away by police for questioning and released yesterday evening.

Multidimensional news disclosure, Chen Guangcheng, arrived in Beijing to evade capture, "the name into the U.S. embassy, the United States but also to the diplomatic and consular protection, and subsequently informed the mainland government. Chen Guangcheng's case does not involve political, only the brutal practices of dissatisfaction with the mainland government birth control policy and under house arrest, so that Beijing was informed immediately after the order of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, the Family Planning Commission, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Ministry of Public Security processing.

Chen Guangcheng, the U.S. Embassy, and Hu Jia, had a short-term direct and secret contacts, discuss and find a safe place to hide. Hu later disclosed a car to escort Chen Guangcheng to escape the volunteers, on the way once occur to avoid the thrill of chasing by the Ministry of State Security door vehicle, but fortunately no hold-ups down. Hu said that the Embassy surrounded by the mainland People's Armed Police handles, with the assistance of U.S. personnel, Chen Guangcheng is impossible to enter the embassy.

28 5:30 pm to Hu Jia Hu Jia's wife Zeng Jinyan Zhang and Chen's Twitter photo, the police, taken to the police station for questioning and detained for more than the clock, Zeng Jinyan, yesterday evening. Internet message said the six, "received the Hu Jia Tel: just finished issue a warrant in the police station deputy director of the car."

However, to help Chen Guangcheng to escape the users, including the screen name "Pearl" He Peirong by the police on the morning of 27 away from the Nanjing residence has no audio; Beijing legal scholar Guo Yu flash is tracked and monitored, but the action is still free; screen name "butcher" activist Wu Gan, 27, tried to help Chen's nephew Chen valuable in Linyi, but the train by the public security interceptor, asked him to return to Fujian.
